1. Create a file called app.js and add a line that uses console.log() to tell Node write "Hello World" to the console.
   Run your program from the console using the node command.You should see hello world in the Browser

2. Make a timeTillNewYear nodeJS program that tells you how many seconds there are until New Year.  
   Make it tell you how many days there are from now until New Year 
   
3.  Create a NodeJS Program to use console.log() to output the entire request object to the console. 
    Have a look around inside, everything is there.
    Have a look through the request object. Now try to console.log just the current URL.
    Now modify your code. Try to write the current URL as a string to the response. 
    If I visit http://localhost:3000/nacktschnecke I should see a web page containing the word nacktschnecke, 
    ideally wrapped in an h1 tag.
    
4. FileSystem - Create a little nodeJS program that outputs the current working directory. 
   Extend your Node server so that it can output the value of __dirname.
   
5. FileSystem - Make a text file containing some content. 
   Write a NodeJS program which can read the file from the current directory and output it to to console.
   
6. Create a folder called views (there's nothing special about this folder name, it's just a common name for one 
   part of a standard MVC pattern). In this folder make a file called about.html. Add some content to it.
   Use fs.readFile to get hold of the about.html file. Remember you can use __dirname to get the current directory. 
   In the fs callback use response.write() to write the file contents to the response. Finally call response.end to send 
   the about content to the user. 

   Remember callbacks are asynchronous, you don't know how long it will take to start reading the file, and Node will 
   not wait. This means you will need to call response.end in the fs callback or the response will be returned before 
   the file has been read. Note this.

7. JADE-- Install a dependency. We're going to be writing some Jade templates in the next section, so go on ahead and 
   install Jade as a dependency. Have a look inside the pacakage.json file which has been created for you. 
   Notice the dependency and specific version number. Notice also some metadata about your project which has been 
   automatically seeded for you. Have a look in the node_modules directory. See Jade there?
   
8. GULP - Install a development dependency. We're going to be using Gulp in a bit to help us with our code. 
   Install gulp using the –save-dev flag. Have another look inside the package.json file. 
   See the dependency there listed as a development dependency. This lets us keep development helpers 
   off of the live site.
